while visiting this remote island which
sits just northwest of Australia
Ralph chief nur was able to capture a
truly amazing event on video the
invasion of the Christmas trap
once a year between October and December
more than 150 million crabs travel three
miles to the islands Beach where the
females lay eggs of the male's fertilize
them but their Christmas crawl takes
them through the city streets stores and
schools leaving little room for the
human inhabitants yet during the
migration regrets are justjust
everywhere but you cannot even walk
without stepping on them or you cannot
even drive the car without drowning over
them and killing them
excellently experts estimate that
motorists kill approximately 2 million
red crabs a year the local residents do
their best to avoid the crabs even
posting signs like this one some perhaps
even break the tires or like like on the
golf course which is on the migration
route when they during the migration
they have a special rule so that means
the animals did perhaps belong to the
game which means if a craft pushes a
ball into the hole it's in well if you
think this is bad it gets even worse
since the whole point of this migration
is that it's mating season the island is
about to be introduced to 100,000 baby
red crabs per female
no one quite knows what to do with the
crowd applause including the local cat
population but if you think you'd like
to witness this amazing animal affair
travel here around the holiday season
but don't be surprised if the locals
seem a bit crabby